#122 Feature/new copilot metrics---update to latest metrics API, repalce the old usage API (#125)
github-copilot-resources/copilot-metrics-viewer: README.md

## Charts

## Key Metrics

> Here are the key metrics visualized in these charts,will introduce them one by one as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the key metrics visualized in these charts:
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="800" alt="image" src="./images/KeyMetrics.png">
</p>

> 1. **Acceptance Rate:** This metric represents the ratio of accepted numbers to the total numbers suggested by GitHub Copilot. This rate is an indicator of the relevance and usefulness of Copilot's suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Acceptance Rate:** This metric represents the ratio of accepted lines and suggestions to the total suggested by GitHub Copilot. This rate is an indicator of the relevance and usefulness of Copilot's suggestions.
However, as any metric, should be used with caution as developers use Copilot in many different ways (research, confirm, verify etc. not always "inject").
```
